jutting out on a point on st. John's
cruise Bay is a traveler's oasis the
gallows Point Resort a collection of
individually owned oceanfront and
Harbourfront condominiums nestled in a
quiet garden setting
the gallows point experience offers all
the freedom of a private residence with
the conveniences of a high-end resort
including an on-site general store and
one of st. John's most prestigious
restaurants and gallows most recently
remodeled unit is Blue Orchid
located in building 15 this ground-level
corner unit has no outside foot traffic
and is just steps from the pool and hot
tub and the waterfront gazebo just
outside and just a 5-minute walk to town
blue orchids recent makeover has made
this one-bedroom unit into a comfortable
and romantic showplace the fully stocked
gourmet kitchen includes brand new
stainless steel appliances a glistening
backsplash and a Brazilian blue bahia
kitchen counter the large banquette
seats 7 and in the step-down living room
is a sectional couch with a pullout bed
and satellite television with dozens of
channels an HDMI BBD player and an iPod
deck
the master bedroom includes a king-sized
bed and a second flat-screen television
and DVD player and a second iPod player
and there are French doors with shutters
that can be closed for privacy or opened
so you can go to sleep to the sound of
the surf just outside the white marble
bathroom is stunning the nine-foot long
double vanity includes OC Anna GREs
glass sinks a huge glass enclosed shower
18 square feet in size Austrian villi
tile and the finest fixtures including
Brazil faucets and crystal finials
blue orchids ground-level terrace is
just 15 feet from the water with views
across Cruz Bay Pillsbury sound and to
st. Thomas
and while Blue Orchid is fully
air-conditioned this corner unit has
doors and windows on two sides that can
be fully opened so you can enjoy the
gentle sea breezes Blue Orchid is filled
with original artwork and if you bring
work with you there is a desk and
wireless internet connection and printer
as well and unlike a villa experience
gavels Point offers all its guests daily
maid service in addition to the
beautiful pool and hot tub just steps
away you are also steps away from
Gallo's large sun deck excellent
snorkeling and the resort's very own
private beach
Blue Orchid a unique ground-level corner
unit with spectacular views a complete
top-to-bottom makeover and one of
Gallo's best locations